Framework rewrite documentation (#45)
wintercms/docs: snowboard-plugin-development.md

# Snowboard Plugin Development

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Framework Concepts](#concepts)
  - [The Snowboard class](#snowboard-class)
  - [The PluginLoader class](#plugin-loader-class)
  - [The PluginBase and Singleton abstracts](#plugin-base-singleton)
  - [Global events](#global-events)
  - [Mocking](#mocking)

<a name="introduction"></a>
## Introduction

The Snowboard framework has been designed to be extensible and customisable for the needs of your project. To this end, the following documentation details the concepts of the framework, and how to develop your own functionality to extend or replace features within Snowboard.

<a name="concepts"></a>
## Framework Concepts

> Snowboard works on the concept of an encompassing application, which acts as the base of functionality and is then extended through plugins. The main method of communication and functionality is through the use of [JavaScript classes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes) which offer instances and extendability, and global events - a feature in-built into Snowboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snowboard works on the concept of an encompassing application, which acts as the base of functionality and is then extended through plugins. The main method of communication and functionality is through the use of [JavaScript classes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes) which offer instances and extendability, and global events - a feature built into Snowboard.
```

`globalEvent` | eventName(`String`)<br>*...parameters* | Calls a non-Promise [global event](#global-events). This will trigger event callbacks for all plugins listening to the given event. This method can be provided additional parameters that will be forwarded through to the event callbacks. This method returns `false` if the event was cancelled by a plugin.
`globalPromiseEvent` | eventName(`String`)<br>*...parameters* | Calls a Promise [global event](#global-events). This will trigger event callbacks for all plugins listening to the given event. This method can be provided additional parameters that will be forwarded through to the event callbacks. This method returns a Promise that will either be resolved or rejected depending on the response from the event callbacks of the plugins.
`debug` | *...parameters* | When the application is in debug mode, this method logs debug messages to the console. Each log message can display one or more parameters at the same time, and includes a trace of the entire call stack up to when the debug call was made.

#### Debugging in Snowboard

> As indicated just prior, the Snowboard class provides a `debug` method that allows developers to easily debug their Snowboard application and plugins. This method only works if the Winter application is in debug mode, by setting `debug` to `true` in the `config/app.php` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Snowboard class provides a `debug` method that allows developers to easily debug their Snowboard application and plugins. This method only works if the Winter application is in debug mode (`'debug' => true` in the `config/app.php` file).
```

# Snowboard Plugin Development

- [Introduction](#introduction)

<a name="introduction"></a>

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: Need to fill out this page
